# maker-site

Our project is a web application that displays information about the Vanderbilt Maker Club, the club’s current workshop schedule and details, and tutorials on various technologies, such as laser cutting and three dimensional printing. Users should also be able to see the past workshop information -- the theme, number of people attended, resources used -- for future references. In addition, the administrators should be able to submit new workshop information through our website, and the website would update the workout schedule and details accordingly.
Our client is the Vanderbilt Maker Club. The users are the Maker Club’s execution board and the members. The execution board would act as administrator that uploads past or current workshop information and the tutorials. And the members would be able to keep track of when and what workshops are happening throughout the month, and learn necessary technical skills from the tutorials.

For the frontend of the project, we are planning on using React. We choose React because it is easy to learn and use, offers reusable components, fast, and scalable. Since React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces, for ease of communication between backend and frontend, we plan on using Node.js for the backend of the web application. It is light, scalable, easy to learn, and therefore great for our project. As for the database, we are using MySQL, as it could store records in multiple, separate, and highly codified tables. This would be suitable for the workshop information we need to store. Last but not least, for coordination tool, we are planning on using Trello. It is a simple application for managing workflow and keeping track of what needs to be done. Using its Kanban Board, it would help us visualize our progress and facilitate our collaboration. 
